CDP TRANSCRIPT VALIDATION SAMPLES
================================================================================

Source speaker metrics: /Users/maxchalekson/Northwestern University/Summer-2025/NICO/NICO Research/linkography_ai/outputs/tables/speaker_level_cdp.csv
Source entropy: /Users/maxchalekson/Northwestern University/Summer-2025/NICO/NICO Research/linkography_ai/outputs/tables/cdp_entropy_by_session_ALL_20260225_091354.csv


[low_gini_score2]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Session: 2021_09_30_MZT_S4
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Jenny G Maloney: We're good.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Jenny G Maloney: Let's see.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Jenny G Maloney: Under surveillance.
  (score 2, 29 tokens) Jenny G Maloney: If I share my screen, I can share the slide and then we can all kind of see what's on it and talk about it together, does that work?
  (score 2, 11 tokens) Curt Horvath: Yeah, and I think you can fill it in real time.

Session: 2021_04_23_MND_S1
  (score 1, 2 tokens) George Weinstock: Great. Tom.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) George Weinstock: Good. Camille.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) George Weinstock: Okay, Jay.
  (score 2, 157 tokens) Emily Balskus: Sure. So um, yeah, so I think Jay has the slide up. The the things that we're supposed to be thinking about in this session are um, microbial fermentation products. So the microbiome obviously generates a lot of metabolic end products and and some of which have uh been well characterized to have um, you know, important functions uh and influence the host. You know, how are these uh species related um to neurological disorders? Uh, is the connection direct uh or or indirect? Um, try to think if there's any more uh yeah, so that that kind of covers covers what we're we're tasked with uh thinking about. Um, you know, what are the roles of these these molecules? What are the important molecules? How are they working? And yeah, George, do we want to start by having everybody just like kind of take that minute to think about the discussion topics before opening it up?
  (score 2, 108 tokens) George Weinstock: Yeah, so just sort of think of your gut as this anaerobic bioreactor and it's full of, you know, greater than 10 to the 12 different microbes of all kinds of different taxa who are the greatest chemists on the planet. And so you get this huge amount of stuff being produced there. How do you connect that to neurological processes, whether it's, you know, some long-term degenerative thing, maybe it's a short-term thing, addictive behavior, depression uh can come and go, uh whatever it is. I think that's sort of the landscape that uh at least that's one landscape that you could think of this topic as.
  (score 2, 90 tokens) Kaixiong Ye: That's why I feel that the mouse model, a well-control model is our starting point. And I'm not sure if we know how stable are the metabolome for the same kind of same kind of genetic background mouse, well control environment, follow them for different day. Do they have the stable metabolome? Can start from there and then can move on to same genetic background but different kind of diet. Then we can study the effect of diet, microbiome and metabolome. And we could just add things step by step.

Session: 2021_04_22_MND_S8
  (score 1, 1 tokens) George Weinstock: Certainly.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) George Weinstock: Okay, great.
  (score 1, 3 tokens) George Weinstock: Great. Uh Carolina?
  (score 2, 90 tokens) Carolina Tropini: I guess I I understood the question is of finding molecules that are modified by the microbiota that ideally would influence the brain whether it's crossing the blood brain barrier uh and making it through and um among those that list like there's things like GABA. Um, there's various uh um other neurotransmitters that are that are modified and some of the things that we talked about uh during the talk like short chain fatty acids and uh bile acids like are also kind of low um low hanging fruits.
  (score 2, 70 tokens) George Weinstock: Yeah, I was just going to mention that that we're supposed to I think take the last 10 minutes to kind of figure out what the bottom lines are. Uh so in in before we get to that, we I think we have about five more minutes. are there things that anybody wrote down in that 60 minute of uh stream of consciousness that you'd like to bring up now?
  (score 2, 44 tokens) Heather Bean: So are are any of you also working off of the Google slides? Because I think we'd all be able to edit. So it looks like slide 26 is for our session and you can add your name in the participant list in there.


[high_gini_score2]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Session: 2021_10_08_CMC_S11
  (score 1, 1 tokens) Judith Su: Stop.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Rigoberto Hernandez: Awesome. Pogorelov.
  (score 1, 3 tokens) Rigoberto Hernandez: Awesome. Di Talia.
  (score 2, 327 tokens) Rigoberto Hernandez: And I want to remind you and everybody else can see this that if you go oops I have a direct message. I in the chat box I placed the link that is to the PowerPoint. If you go to slide 48 that will be where you're going to type your key points. And then Gulcin you there? Cool. So I'm going to put in the chat box and this is something everybody can see. So if you go there that's the where we were going to put in the breakout notes. Okay and what we're going to do next now that we know who the reporter and the recorder are is just go around the room and make sure that everyone has an opportunity to say their name and your location. We almost all know who your name and your location is so just name and location and the next item will be a something interesting and different. And this interesting and different is because Romy stole my idea the last time of foods. So I'm going to riff on foods and say what is your favorite restaurant? So just what is your favorite restaurant and that favorite restaurant you'll have to at least tell us the city so we can maybe someday know to go to it. So your favorite restaurant and in in the city okay. And I'm going to type in the chat box the order that I see all of your faces so that way you'll know the order in which you're going to give this remark in. And so if you can see the chat the if you can see not the chat box sorry I'm putting it in the Google Doc. So Wenjing and oh and I always tell people I just say your last name so that way you can correct my pronunciation of the last name but you say something different by saying your first name. So Wang.
  (score 2, 317 tokens) Rigoberto Hernandez: Okay so with that everybody can see their chat box and I like to get the business side of this done first. So the first thing that we have to do is identify who's going to be the speaker and who and and the the at the last session we actually had a person I mean the speaker would be the presenter. We actually found that having a presenter assigned that's the reporter and having a recorder assigned really helped to distribute the load. So I'm going to what I'm going to do is you're going to type in the chat box if you will a number between one and 100 and the person who gets closest to the the right answer they will be the reporter and the one who gets the second one is the recorder. So I don't know which is the preferred one because the last one the person who got the first one wanted to be the recorder not the reporter but anyway the closest to it will be the reporter and the second will be the recorder. And and to you know some people think oh I'll say 100 and then I'm going to be only half of it but I we we go around like a clock so so it's it's either way. So so that way it makes it even. So one two three four five six seven eight nine. Okay Catherine but you probably and we'll we'll see what happens. So and Joshua and Davide Davide symmetry broke from from Joshua. So I'm going to now turn on the my stopwatch and what I do just so you see this it's on right so it's just doing some arbitrary numbering and the last two digits is the one that of that number that's one that's really fast. So someone want to tell me to say stop say stop.
  (score 2, 186 tokens) Rigoberto Hernandez: But I think pointing out that one can use so the microscopy is is light the chemosensitive points is using molecules which are a complementarity so maybe you could add chemosensitive probes as well. Is it we only have about a minute I think before we're going to get the signal that we have a minute. Anything else that you all feel like would be interesting to point out. Part of what we're trying to do is sort of push the edge of what we might know or what we might ask because it's to try to get you all to think about what might be a good question to ask for a proposal but it might also be one where you say well I think this is a question that should be asked but I don't know who else would be interested in it so if you can get this question in maybe it resonates with someone who wasn't in the room. So that's why there's advantages to getting some if there are some other points that you think are important to getting them in.

Session: 2021_11_05_NES_S11
  (score 1, 3 tokens) Aleksandra Vojvodic: In both yes.
  (score 1, 4 tokens) Aleksandra Vojvodic: Thank you. Uh Valentina.
  (score 1, 5 tokens) Aleksandra Vojvodic: Thank you Gary. Uh Rebecca.
  (score 2, 212 tokens) Aleksandra Vojvodic: And then we will go ahead and um assign uh two people I would suggest, a recorder and a reporter and these two individuals can share the role. Um and then we could have a silent minute or two just each and one of us collecting our thoughts and thinking about one or two questions or topics that we uh want to introduce to this discussion and then we can just open up the floor. Um any objections to this or is everybody okay just trying it out? So George will also who is the other um facilitator he he's a bit he has another commitment so he will join us at some point I believe. So I'm going to just go uh from left to right on my screen and call out your names so please just say who you are again your um institution and and what you do. Um I'll just briefly say I'm Alex. Um I'm at Penn. I've been here for about five years. I'm a computational materials chemistry broadly, um physicist, catalysis, battery person, whatever you want to whatever tag you want to put on it. Um just really interested in understanding complexity of materials. So with that I'll hand over the word to Shaama please.
  (score 2, 166 tokens) Aleksandra Vojvodic: It goes both ways. Yes. So Gary and I were actually in a previous session where kind of the same type of general topic was brought up like actually just being on the same page of what we're comparing I think is is crucial. What is the actual overall goal that we're trying to achieve? So I know that there are a number of you know individuals here that do very different type of modeling at very different length I mean like we have I'm just going to call some people out right we have Rebecca who is really at the quantum scale she's dealing with excitations and you know all that and then we have who should I call at the top of my here Ananya you're talking about you know really a very different length and and time scales right. So could you comment on some of the things that that Carlos just mentioned here like how do you think we should address this?
  (score 2, 147 tokens) Aleksandra Vojvodic: Or as as Venkat wants to call it the modeling heaven or or hell, whatever you prefer to whichever side of the spectrum you prefer to be. Okay, so let me just share, I'll just share my screen here for two seconds for the ones who are joining or the ones that are wondering what this is all about. Can you see my screen? So this was just exactly the thing that Richard just shared. Um these are some of the questions that um are out there that we could uh chat about. Um I would rather us generate our own questions rather than being limited to this of course. So um what I would suggest that we do is um that we start off with the brief introduction who you are, where you're from, um and um let's see here and what your research topic is.

Session: 2021_11_05_NES_S5
  (score 1, 1 tokens) Ellen Stechel: Perfect.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Patricia Barron: Going up.
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Roger Aines: Okay. Haotian?
  (score 2, 116 tokens) Roger Aines: Um we have five minutes left and Kelsey needs to condense this onto the the slide. Um Kelsey, do you have the slide on the Google Docs document, right? Yeah. That would be So, uh perhaps while she's working on the mechanics of that, a a thought of what order you is there an implied order in those topics that you would all appreciate seeing or are they all equivalent? Um emphasis, I'm I'm thinking about emphasis here. Kelsey, did we touch the topics that um are the most interesting to you? Kelsey, do you see the slide that you need to fill in? It's it's in the uh Scialog NES meeting slides. It's number 39.
  (score 2, 107 tokens) Rafael Santos: Uh the other sort of policy uh aspect is very important is that uh uh nowadays there's only a very limited number of uh land management approaches which are considered to be beneficial to soil and and which uh can either uh uh get farmers uh credits uh or certifications uh or uh some sort of uh confirmation of what they're doing is is correct. Uh and so uh one of our challenges now is to try to get uh hands weathering on on that list so that when a farmer does hands weathering, they can qualify for certain programs that they currently qualify with other approaches.
  (score 2, 79 tokens) Roger Aines: Um so we spent enough time yesterday, I think that let's um we'll do short introductions second. First thing is while everybody just jumped into the room, please just take a minute, two minutes and write down some thoughts about this topic that you think you're going to want to share with the rest of the group as we get into the discussion phase. We'll just take two minutes now and just write down some of your thoughts, please.


[2022_low_mid_entropy]
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Session: 2022_04_07_MND_S2
  (score 1, 1 tokens) Rima Kaddurah-Daouk: Okay.
  (score 1, 3 tokens) Kai Zhang: Yeah, sounds good.
  (score 1, 3 tokens) Barbara Bendlin: That'd be great.
  (score 2, 91 tokens) Rima Kaddurah-Daouk: At least let's start with a group and we define, right? What are the methods? How do we measure them? How many platforms do we need to measure all of them from sulfur containing compounds to indoles to secondary bile acids and we have put together a whole array of platforms, a list of these metabolites and we are standardizing how to measure them, right? At least we will have a mini atlas, a sub atlas, right? And we want to know what their impact on and correlation with CNS diseases.
  (score 2, 83 tokens) Barbara Bendlin: perturb the system. And then thinking a little bit about whether we have the technology to do this already and if not, what kind of instruments would you need? And for the log, you're you can think outside of the box. So if you think that there are tools that could be used, feel free to talk about those, but if you think there's new tools that need to be generated, you know, go wild and think about what that might look like.
  (score 2, 74 tokens) Rima Kaddurah-Daouk: I just want to conclude by recommending for the nonprofit organizations, if they can think of a biochemical atlas for the brain in mice, right? Let's not be too ambitious all of you know, all one step. If we have a biochemical roadmap of different brain regions, their metabolic imprint added on to the fantastic data that some of these nonprofit organizations generated for transcriptome and other things, it's a very great starting point.

Session: 2022_04_07_MND_S3
  (score 1, 2 tokens) Ali Keshavarzian: Okay Chris.
  (score 1, 4 tokens) Ali Keshavarzian: Very good Dr Wang.
  (score 1, 4 tokens) Annika Barber: Uh like eight minutes.
  (score 2, 105 tokens) Ali Keshavarzian: And in order to leverage that we have to uh augment our ability uh to have a bidirectional from the lab to the uh clinic and clinic to the lab and one way to uh leverage that conversation would be by informatics uh and uh use of uh statistics and modeling uh for leveraging the biomes and various uh metadata to do that. Now what is the best uh statistical tool or modeling tool is something that we want to uh work to advance it. That is beyond my pay grade, but hopefully those bi statistician and bio informatics people are going to help us.
  (score 2, 62 tokens) Ali Keshavarzian: With that background, I want to hear from you that what do you what do you think about the role of environment on microbiota and the topic of interest in your research and how you think that we can further probe environmental factor impact and how can we leverage that information to do some good for the patients. Who wants to start?
  (score 2, 13 tokens) Christopher Whidbey: I'm happy to do it I just can't find where the slide is.

Session: 2022_04_08_MND_S4
  (score 1, 3 tokens) George Weinstock: Okay, great. Tom.
  (score 1, 4 tokens) Kaixiong Ye: Uh, I'll do it.
  (score 1, 4 tokens) George Weinstock: No, Corinne, go ahead.
  (score 2, 221 tokens) George Weinstock: So, um, the the maybe we should move on to the next bullet which is uh have we evolved specific pathways and connections that link the gut uh metabolism to the brain. And um, in the in that first bullet there was also a question about linkage between the gut and the CNS. So, um, uh we we're we're we're hitting good general principles here of metabolism and things like that. But but I think they want to bring the discussion a little bit more focused on the gut brain axis too. I mean, the one thing that that comes into my mind is uh microbes make neurotransmitters. Um, and so, you know, if there weren't any microbes and all the neurotransmitters came from uh the host cells, you can imagine it was very tightly regulated and controlled and things. But now if you have microbes coming flowing through you that you don't have any control over really who who passes through and who colonizes and things like that, how do you deal with the fact that they're making neurotransmitters? How does that keep you from going haywire and things like that? That's got to be part of the the discussion about uh gut brain and microbes and and coevolution. How does it control? But throw it out to you guys.
  (score 2, 60 tokens) George Weinstock: Okay, well, great. Now we all know each other. Um, so they gave us three bullet points to organize our discussion uh on the co-evolution of gut microbiota. So the first one, the relationship between microbes and hosts are complicated. How has co-evolution of our microbiota impacted human biology and in particular the linkage between the gut and the CNS.
  (score 2, 50 tokens) George Weinstock: So, so we just got our 10 minute warning. Um, so if you, uh, we can keep talking about things, but we could also kind of try to review what are the major points that we've tried to squeeze out of this. Um, give Calvin some help for his presentation.

